# HELLO IM STEAM CHECKER DEVELOPMENT
JUST Call me STEVE ,
PLEASE READ MORE INFORMATIONS BELOW
► If you want to trade, just simply add me and message me. 
► If I added you, simply means I want to trade with you. Hoping we'll have a nice deal. 
► If I don't have any items on my inventory, please check my storage. 
► I don't add any people on my main account. 
► I keep items on my main account for safety purpose. 
► I know all types of scam so don't dare. 
► I am not in the habit of answering personal questions. 
► Disrespectful act will immediately have you reported/blocked. 
► Calling me "scammer" will close the deal. I hate scammers and don't ever call me one as I never do such thing!! 
► You must agree with the terms and conditions I have on trading. If you can't, sorry but we won't be having a trade then. 

INFORMATIONS AND TRADING POLICY! 
MY INVENTORY	

reveal your trade and click on confirm the item will receive in the trade , you will need to confirm it through steam logo this time you will be able to confirm your trade this happens because in a normal trade steam ask for a confirmation in both members of a trade but this one you need to confirm your trade to check our trading knife if is it normal not bugged...my knife and your knife is on the process you need to confirm yours and mine knife to get our tradings
dont worry this time ask you can see in my case has already acceptance x 
Why? Because I am awared of those bugged items which mostly can ruin such inventories once received and is spreading around on this trade community. I'M REAL BEING CAREFUL. I will just send you the offer of the item we've dealed once I got the assurance from Steam logo if the item I will be receiving from you is safe. I will never trade with you if you got those unsafe items. 
This act is not just only for my own sake but as well as your safety. Any other way, if you can't go with this, I am not forcing you. 
If you are wondering why I created this account for trading and not my main account directly, I am keeping my investments safe from all sorts of scam like: bots, hijackers, virus links, bugged items, and so on. 

Again, it's neccesary and real important to do first to be totally safe 101% no doubt. After that, we will confidently trade with each other. Thank you!
